[BrokenLinksH2] Fixed broken links (#645)
MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs: docs/controls/Expander.md

## Default Template

> [Expander XAML File](https://github.com/microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml/blob/main/dev/Expander/Expander.xaml) is the XAML template used in the toolkit for the default styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Expander XAML File](https://github.com/CommunityToolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit/blob/rel/7.1.2/Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.UI.Controls.Layout/Expander/Expander.xaml) is the XAML template used in the toolkit for the default styling.
```

The system controls are different.
